imagine this a brand new mall is going
to be built right where your house is
standing and you've been offered a
generous sum of money to relocate would
you do it well if you're anything like
these property owners that'd be a big
fat I'm good thanks number one roadblock
Loy Jung China
honestly China has so many little houses
like this that it's hard to choose which
one is the most bizarre-looking
in fact they're called nail houses
because they stick out like a nail that
just can't be hammered down this
crumbling three-story home is an example
of one and it's the very last building
in the whole area but the most
incredible thing is that this house is
sitting right in the middle of a new
road being built the story goes that the
homeowner didn't like the compensation
plan he'd been offered in exchange for
relocating the strong-willed man refused
to budge and held out to get more money
from city authorities
I just hope drivers will be careful at
night number 2 stuck in the middle with
you Guangzhou China these two
residential buildings were supposed to
be demolished because the city needed
space to construct a much-needed bridge
in the area it was gonna connect a
freeway with a recently opened
underground tunnel most of the buildings
inhabitants took the relocation money
and moved out however three families
downright refused to leave their homes
the construction company had no other
choice but to build a massive bypass
around the two properties the remaining
families were even promised a noise
barrier to block out the sound of
traffic but if any of them decide to
move out they'll still get the money to
relocate I guess we'll just have to wait
and see none
three strong-willed Edith Masefield
Seattle Washington in 2005 the Ballard
area of Seattle experienced
unprecedented growth apartment buildings
condominiums and shopping malls were
popping up left and right
that was when developers offered a woman
$750,000 for her house which was only
worth about a hundred twenty thousand
but they were ready to pay such a hefty
price because they wanted to build a
mall exactly on the block where the
quaint two-story home stood the
homeowner Edith Masefield had been
living there for the past 50 years and
wasn't about to vacate her home so
believe it or not she turned the money
down but the developers weren't gonna
give up so easily they decided to build
them all anyway so that it surrounded
her house on three sides also the
project design allowed the shopping mall
to incorporate the house if Masefield
chose to move out in the end they
offered her 1 million dollars to pack up
and leave they even found her a
different but similar looking house in
another district and offered to pay for
the elderly woman's health care services
yet again she politely declined
Masefield wasn't against the idea of a
shopping mall being built where her
property stood she just didn't want to
leave her home other than that she was
happy to have the company the woman even
became good friends with the head of the
project's construction team Barry Martin
the man often visited her took her to
different appointments and even did some
shopping for her when Edith Masefield
passed away in 2008
Martin inherited her house and yes it is
still standing to this day Oh number 4
your own personal moat Chong Qin China
this home in Xiong Qin is one of the
most famous nail houses in China in 2004
the 280 families live
the area were asked to relocate due to
the construction of a new shopping mall
hey there's a familiar story and as
usual the developers offered a hefty
compensation of eighteen thousand yuan
which is about $2,700 for eleven square
feet but this wasn't enough for whooping
and yang Wu the owners of the two-story
brick house perhaps it was because they
put so much work into the place
renovating what was once a wooden
construction that had passed down from
generation to generation I mean the
place did have history at first it was a
general store that they later turned
into a restaurant in any case while all
the neighbors were packing up the couple
stayed put once the area was dug up for
construction their house ended up
towering over 55 feet off the
surrounding ground since the home owners
wouldn't follow a court order to move
out the city cut off their water supply
and electricity yet the couple still
wouldn't budge while yang Wu stayed in
the house his wife woo-ping brought him
water food warm clothes and blankets she
tied the supplies to a rope and yang Wu
pulled them up into his personal
fortress but in 2007 the couple finally
gave in and moved to a similar sized
apartment in downtown Xiong Shen but hey
it was a good effort number five the
million dollar corner any New Yorker is
familiar with the massive red shopping
bag near Macy's Herald Square but very
few people know that this billboard
actually hides a separate building that
isn't connected to Macy's and it's got
its own interesting story behind it in
the 1980s Macy's relocated to Broadway
in 34th Street the department stores
management also had secret plans to
expand that's why the store owner made a
verbal agreement with Alfred Dwayne pal
according to which Macy's was to get a
roughly 1155 square foot corner for 250
some dollars however Siegel Cooper dry
goods store learned about the potential
purchase and offered Pell $375,000 for
the plot of course the property owner
couldn't turn down the bigger deal right
so it was sold Siegel wanted to
construct a 12 story women's clothing
store in that spot unfortunately it was
impossible to put such a tall building
on a plot that small so Siegel offered
to give it to Macy's in exchange for
their old location at 6th Avenue and
14th Street
Macy's however refused the offer and
went ahead and built their 2.2 million
square foot store around the property in
1903 a new five-story building replaced
the previous one and in 1911 Siegel sold
the land for the highest price that has
ever been paid for a plot a whopping 1
million bucks
that's 868 dollars a square foot talk
about location location location people
having to leave their homes because of
development is a pretty unfortunate
situation so let's take a look at two
incredible and still very unique houses
whose owners didn't have to leave at all
the Drina River house not far from buy
inna basta and Serbia you can find a
cute little house perched on a rock
right in the middle of the Drina River
the story goes that in 1968 some teens
fell in love with
because it was a great spot to sunbathe
and swim in the next year the 17 year
old boys built a small house on the rock
that later became their weekend getaway
to construct this thing they transported
the building materials by boat and kayak
as for the larger pieces they just
dropped them into the river and pulled
them out on the rock further down the
river nowadays the house has become an
incredibly popular tourist destination
but what you see today isn't the
original house built in 1969 the fast
and unpredictable flow of the Drina
River has already washed away six of
them but every time a new even sturdier
construction was built to replace the
previous one that had been claimed by
the river the carrot house Hey you
claustrophobic then don't ever consider
buying the skinniest house in the world
it's nestled between two buildings in
the center of Warsaw polish the house is
just three feet wide and its most narrow
point and five feet at the widest the
houses iron frame supports two floors
and like any typical home the carrot
house has a kitchen a bathroom a living
room and the bedroom the neighboring
building supplies the skinny little
abode with electricity and it's custom
sewage and water technology allows the
system to function independently from
those services provided by the city in
fact the house is so narrow that under
Polish law it has to be considered in
art installation rather than a real
house have you ever seen any unusual
looking houses or buildings share your
own personal experiences in the comments
below
remember to give this video a thumbs up
share it with your friends and hit that
subscribe button to stay on the bright
side of life